you go with draw seven cards playing
fires tap bars to play birds of paradise
and draw a card player forest tap it to
play Leno or elf go on tap draw the
arsht tap to to play devoted really tap
birds of paradise play long lana auger
go on tap up keep drawing i will play a
land tap both of these lands to play a
devoted druid pass on tap draw play
forest tap three forests and birds of
paradise to play chameleon colossus tap
devoted druid to play heritage druid put
a nice 1-1 count on 20 drew it on tap
tap devoted druid use heritage drudes
effect tapping three elves I format on
my pool play lutely fleet and I'm tip up
keep drum I will play another forest I
will tap 1 i'll tap these four
immaculate magistrate tap devoted rude
on tap it to tap it a second time giving
it minus one minus one counter play
bramblewood paragen go
on tap
I'll keep sacrifice llanowar auger to
give through plus three plus three and
trample to committing collapses draw tap
three elves tapper and tap birds of
paradise to use chameleon classes effect
communion glass this is now it's 16 16
with trample declarant a cure step
declare attackers no blockers 16 trample
damage tap three for us to play mercy
killing sacrifice chameleon Colossus put
16 33 green and white Alfa tokens into
fight and my untap upkeep draw tap three
virus to put into play the umbral mantle
I'll equip the umbral mental 40 mana to
immaculate magistrate cool tap to give
devoted Ruth for +1 +1 counters that
removes the minus one minus one and a +1
cancel leaving 3 +1 +1 counters tap it
fat green untap it moving the counter
add green remove a counter add green
remove a counter use that three mana to
untap immaculate magistrate tapping mac
with magistrate put four plus one plus
encounters on devoted druid tap to add
mana on tap tap on tap to add four more
mana use three of that to untap
immaculate magistrate leaving one extra
man on tap magistrate to put all the
counters back on devoted tap it on tap
devoted to add four again now we have
five in the bowl keep use three of that
to untap immaculate magistrate can use
this to produce an infinite amount of
mana and once it infant and use that
infinite amount of mana to tap it on tap
mac would magistrate an infinite number
of times giving all of my creatures an
arbitrarily large number of +1 +1
counters however many i should choose
once they're all they all receive
trample from ramblewood paragen and are
all swinging for the win